that returned when he returned that
please that they needed me that they have been
so many years and that because I abandoned them and
I left and I said no to me they threw me
tremendous surprise
we thought that we were
calling to renegotiate the contract I
contract I renegotiate them once to the
year always and it was not like that then I was
me with my husband who is my manager and we
We are both as good as we are
we went down he takes a whiskey jon
Martin and we were in shock
the people the people on the street want that
show they like how they want to continue
watching Latinos as viewers
we are very loyal
then people who love a
francisco it does not matter what you have for
pay and make it old and the people that
love cristina does not care that
Christian is 63 years old grandson and belly
because they want us then I think
that by removing something that takes so many years
forming being a pillar of a chain is
a serious mistake and still what has been the
reaction that have the same affection that
They had you before , they say, they tell me aunt
Cristina almost everything will come but
I have two grandchildren
my daughter married her italian boyfriend
that he met in college so my
grandson male who is four years old
called doctor marco sampieri
the other girl is called cristina maría is
the fourth cristina the fourth generation
cristina my family now
he learned to central but he dances like
know when they hear music is tremendous and
It has me crazy I love them I am a grandmother
well consenting when it reaches beyond
I'm going to make a big effort for
lose peace because the kids
love that some eggs on the ground with
they do not want the table what they want
the floor and I when I mention the floor
When I speak, I have to stop at
frames for the belly I hated that I
Photography hated is not a single photo
Mine that I'm not crying because my
Dad gave me a sting because I did not
I wanted you to portray me
first where I fell that I want to do
writer but my dad who owned
journals
my family was the owners of the
vanity magazines in cubes and told me
girls look at the writers do not win
Silver you're going to die of hunger then
why this does not learn to write in
little machine and you become a journalist and
I did journalism I studied journalism in
University of Miami but written press
not current casting and there since then
he started working in vanities at 16
years and I stayed in that company for 30 years and
after that a Chilean gentleman who was
president of univision is called marc
English already told me I'm going to offer you
One job more money than tonso
'freelance' that you go is that I have
a baby girl that I need the money
and I went with the television so it was
a decision